.\" $Header: /aolnet/dev/src/CVS/sgml/docbook-to-man/cmd/docbook-to-man.sh,v 1.1.1.1 1998/11/13 21:31:59 db3l Exp $
.\"
.\"	transcript compatibility for postscript use.
.\"
.\"	synopsis:  .P! <file.ps>
.\"
.de P!
.fl
\!!1 setgray
.fl
\\&.\"
.fl
\!!0 setgray
.fl			\" force out current output buffer
\!!save /psv exch def currentpoint translate 0 0 moveto
\!!/showpage{}def
.fl			\" prolog
.sy sed -e 's/^/!/' \\$1\" bring in postscript file
\!!psv restore
.
.de pF
.ie     \\*(f1 .ds f1 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f2 .ds f2 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f3 .ds f3 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f4 .ds f4 \\n(.f
.el .tm ? font overflow
.ft \\$1
..
.de fP
.ie     !\\*(f4 \{\
.	ft \\*(f4
.	ds f4\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f3 \{\
.	ft \\*(f3
.	ds f3\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f2 \{\
.	ft \\*(f2
.	ds f2\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f1 \{\
.	ft \\*(f1
.	ds f1\"
'	br \}
.el .tm ? font underflow
..
.ds f1\"
.ds f2\"
.ds f3\"
.ds f4\"
'\" t 
.ta 8n 16n 24n 32n 40n 48n 56n 64n 72n  
.TH "cmml-timeshift" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
cmml-timeshift \(em       Apply a timeshift to all the clip tags. 
 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBcmml-timeshift\fR [-o \fBfile\fR  | --output \fBfile\fR ]  [-s \fBoffset\fR  | --sec \fBoffset\fR ]  [-h  | --help ]  [-v  | --version ] filename  
.SH "Description" 
.PP 
\fBcmml-timeshift\fR parses a CMML instance document 
given as \fBfilename\fR, applies a timeshift 
to the start and end times of the clip tags and creates a 
CMML instance document from it, which gets written to stdout 
by default. Clip tags that would receive negative start times 
are skipped. In case of a non-recoverable error upon parsing, the 
faulty tag including line and column number is reported. 
 
.SH "Options" 
.PP 
\fBcmml-timeshift\fR accepts the following options: 
 
.IP "-o \fBfile\fR, --output \fBfile\fR" 10 
Output file. Writes fixed CMML document to the 
given \fBfile\fR instead of stdout, which is the 
default. 
.IP "-s \fBoffset\fR, --sec \fBoffset\fR" 10 
Timeshift offset in seconds. Shifts the start- and 
endtime of the clip tags by \fBoffset\fR seconds. 
 
.IP "-h, --help" 10 
Print usage message. 
.IP "-v, --version" 10 
Print version information. 
.SH "VERSION" 
.PP 
This man page is correct for CMML version 2.1 and libcmml 
version 0.9.0. 
 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
More information is available at: 
\fIAnnodex.net (link to URL http://www.annodex.net/) \fR    
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Mon 18 Apr 2005, 11:26 
